docs: add instructions for services setup (#1060)
JesusFilm/core: apps/docs/docs/05-team/06-getting-started.md

Your manager will set up a Basecamp dedicated to your onboarding called "Welcome, [your name]!". When you start, you’ll have access to that Basecamp. In it, you’ll see to-dos linking to accounts or services that you need to set up -- an external hard drive, 2FA for various accounts, and private wi-fi to name a few. You’ll also see things that your buddy or manager need to set up -- Basecamp, and GitHub, among a whole list of other things. Don’t worry if you don’t know what some of these services are. Your buddy can help you through it.

If you have a specific training schedule or training milestones to complete, that will go into your Welcome Basecamp too.

> 
> ## Services Set Up
> 
> These are a list of key services that we use. Please note that there may be other services that your specific team may use, your manager should let you know via basecamp if there are any others you need.
> 
> ### Slack
> 
> Slack is the main place that we communicate with each other. Especially being a team located around the world, slack is an important tool for us. Connect with your manager for access to the [JFP Digital](https://jfp-digital.slack.com/) slack. Your manager should add you to any team specific chanels, it's up to you to look through the list of public chanels for any others you want to join.
> 
> ### Jesus Film Github team
> 
> Refer to instructions in [prerequisites](../04-engineering-practices/01-workflow/index.md) in `Our Workflow`
> 
> ### Doppler
> 
> Refer to instructions in [Setup Environment Variables](../02-getting-started/02-environment-variables.mdx)
> 
> ### JFP Product Strategy
> 
> Open [JF - Product Stragey](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0AOQHTGg1mdieUk9PVA) on Google Drive and request acces to the Team Drive.
> 
> ### Know your team
> 
> Know your team helps you to get to know the wider team and helps them to know a bit about you too. Your team may use this tool for other ways of connecting (eg, stand ups, schedueling meetings), ask your managaer to clarify expections of usage.
> 
> Get invited to the Jesus Film Know Your Team account by sending an email to our Know Your Team [admin](mailto:tataihono.nikora@jesusfilm.org?subject=Doppler%20Invite%20Request)
> 
> ### Perdoo
> 
> Start by reading [The ultimate guide to OKR](https://www.perdoo.com/resources/ebook-the-ultimate-guide-to-okr/)
> 
> Perdoo is to help you and your manager create progression pathways for your time working with us. Talk with your manager about how to get added to the Jesus Film Perdoo account, and how to go about creating your first OKR (Objectives and Key Results)
> 
> ### Geekbot
> 
> Geekbot is a bot for slack that helps our team communicate what work we've done and what work we're intending to work on. Every working day geekbot will send you an automated message at 10am (your local time) asking you to asnwer a few questions. Upon answering all of geekbots questions, your update will be posted on to the `#sol-team-stand-up` chanel on slack.
> 
> It is important to fill these in daily to let your manager know what you are working, and may be used in performance reviews.
> 
> Once you've been invited to the JFP Digital slack, ask your manager to add you to the `#sol-team-stand-up` chanel.
> 
> ### Cloudflare
> 
> We use [cloud flare zero trust](https://www.cloudflare.com/products/zero-trust/zero-trust-network-access/) when connecting to untrusted networks to connect to the internet. Set up cloudflare zero trust for any device that you use for work purposes. Follow [set-up guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/manual-deployment/) and use `jfp-sol` as the team name.
> 
> <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Services Set Up

This is a list of key services that we use. Please note that there may be other services that your specific team may use, your manager should let you know via Basecamp if there are any others you need.

### Slack

Slack is the main place where we communicate with each other. Especially being a team located around the world, slack is an essential tool for us. Connect with your manager to access the [JFP Digital](https://jfp-digital.slack.com/) slack. Your manager should add you to any team-specific channels, it's up to you to look through the list of public channels for any others you want to join.

### Jesus Film GitHub team

Refer to instructions in [prerequisites](../04-engineering-practices/01-workflow/index.md) in `Our Workflow`

### Doppler

Refer to instructions in [Setup Environment Variables](../02-getting-started/02-environment-variables.mdx)

### JFP Product Strategy

Open [JF - Product Stragey](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/0AOQHTGg1mdieUk9PVA) on Google Drive and request access to the Team Drive.

### Know your team

Know your team helps you to get to know the wider team and helps them to know a bit about you too. Your team may use this tool for other ways of connecting (eg, stand-ups, scheduling meetings), ask your manager to clarify expectations of usage.

Get invited to the Jesus Film Know Your Team account by sending an email to our Know Your Team [admin](mailto:tataihono.nikora@jesusfilm.org?subject=Doppler%20Invite%20Request)

### Perdoo

Start by reading [The ultimate guide to OKR](https://www.perdoo.com/resources/ebook-the-ultimate-guide-to-okr/)

Perdoo is to help you and your manager create progression pathways for your time working with us. Talk with your manager about how to get added to the Jesus Film Perdoo account, and how to go about creating your first OKR (Objectives and Key Results)

### Geekbot

Geekbot is a bot for slack that helps our team communicate what work we've done and what work we're intending to work on. Every working day geek bot will send you an automated message at 10 am (your local time) asking you to answer a few questions. Upon answering all of geek bot's questions, your update will be posted on to the `#sol-team-stand-up` channel on slack.

It is important to fill these in daily to let your manager know what you are working on, and may be used in performance reviews.

Once you've been invited to the JFP Digital slack, ask your manager to add you to the `#sol-team-stand-up` channel.

### Cloudflare

We use [cloud flare zero trust](https://www.cloudflare.com/products/zero-trust/zero-trust-network-access/) when connecting to untrusted networks to connect to the internet. Set up Cloudflare zero trust for any device that you use for work purposes. Follow [set-up guide](https://developers.cloudflare.com/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/warp/deployment/manual-deployment/) and use `jfp-sol` as the team name.
```
